Create README.md (#76)
kdreese/gmtk-2023: README.md

# Siege for Yourself

Siege for Yourself is our submission for the 48 hour [GMTK Game Jam 2023](https://itch.io/jam/gmtk-2023), following the theme "Roles Reversed". You can play it online at https://kdreese.itch.io/siege-for-yourself, give it a shot!

## Requirements

This game was made with [Godot Engine](https://godotengine.org/) 4.2.1. To open the project, simply clone the project and import the folder in the Project Manager. The game can then be built using the export templates with all the default settings.

## Attribution

> As a Godot game, this game uses open source code that requires attribution, as well as a font file requires attribution. For details, go to the credits menu in game.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a Godot game, this game uses open source code that requires attribution, as well as font files which require attribution. For details, go to the credits menu in game.
```

## Asset Licenses

The code in this repository is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE), so if you'd like then you can go nuts with the code that's available.

For the assets, we've created them ourselves (with the exception of the fonts) and they're licensed under the following (pretty open) licenses.

File | Author | License
--- | --- | ---

> `assets/music/*` | Andrew Moore | [CC BY-NC 4.0]
> `assets/*` (excluding music) | All | [CC0] (Public domain)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`assets/music/*` | Andrew Moore | [CC BY-NC 4.0]
`assets/fonts/bailleul_roman/fonts/*` | Jorge de Buen, Igino Marini, Omnibus-Type | [OFL](assets/fonts/bailleul_roman/LICENSE.txt)
`assets/fonts/engravers/*.ttf` | Peter Wiegel | [OFL](assets/fonts/engravers/Open Font License.txt)
`assets/*` (excluding music and fonts) | All | [CC0] (Public domain)
```
